{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh16500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Reflections part 1\
\
Using different versions helped a lot. When there is a simple mistake such as a typo between the new and old versions, instead of going through each line of code we can simply compare and narrow down the results. It can take minutes to solve a problem that can possibly takes hours to solve without version control.\
\
having easy access to the history of versions of a file is helpful. You can see your own development of a file or program and you can also fix mistakes in new versions.\
\
pros and cons of manually committing.\
\
It is good to have the flexibility in committing when you want so you can control the amount of versions you have. Automatic commits can create too many versions, some which may not even be executable. The only issue with manually committing is not committing at the appropriate times. You may forget to commit after adding a new component, and sometimes you may commit too many changes at once.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?\
\
Because things like google docs weren\'92t created for development of code. Git is used for code, and some files in code work together with other files. If a change is made in one of the files, changes may also be needed in another file.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
: \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
\b0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
Git log will show all commits for the files. Git diff will show the changes between the commits.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 ow might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?\
You can always go back to the previous version. You can also easily\
 see where you went wrong in the new file.}